All right. So, let's take a look at how to implement market volatility.
First, we want to calculate the market returns which is this formula up here,
market returns, and notice we said for each day,
we want to calculate this.
So, to specify that each day in the DataFrame is going to be a single row.
So, if you were to set axis equal to one it's going to calculate an average for each row.
So, that's what we want.
So, we want to use numpy.nanmean on the returns and we want to set
axis equal to one so that we can calculate a value for each row, for each day.
All right. Then after that,
we can take the average of these market returns like this and then,
we can implement this formula to get the standard deviation right here.
So, we'll start out by taking the difference between the market returns and
the market returns mu the average and that's going to be squared,
then we're going to, as you can see here,
we're going to take the average of those square differences.
So, numpy.nanmean then you
can see that we will annualize it before taking the square root.
So, we can actually make use of the annualization factor variable that's defined here.
So, we can say, annualization factor times that.
Then the last step is to take the square root of that.
So, once we've defined market volatility,
we can create objects from there, so market volatility.
So, for this one, will take the one month so that means that will set
the window length equal to 20 training days and also,
we'll set the mask to our defined universe.
So, similarly for the six month market volatility,
will set the window length equal to 120 trading days also set the mask.
Okay. So, first define the class and then,
instantiate the objects, and then,
add them to the pipeline.
Great. Thanks for watching and please continue on with the lesson.